Q1) Write the difference between JRE, JDK and JVM?
Ans1) JRE:-  A Java runtime environment is a set of components to create and run a Java application.
             A JRE is part of a Java development kit (JDK).
             A JRE is made up of a Java virtual machine (JVM), Java class libraries, and the Java class loader.
	JDK:- The Java Development Kit is a software development environment used for developing Java applications and applets. 
            It includes the Java Runtime Environment (JRE), an interpreter/loader (java), a compiler (javac)
	JVM:- Java Virtual Machine provides user to write and run the code in a virtual system so that the code will not affect the system.

Q2) Write the difference between JSE, JEE and JME?
Ans2) JSE:- Java Standard Edition also know as Core Java.It is the core foundation for remaining two edition.
             eg-Standalone application/desktop application
	JEE:- Java Enterprise Edition is used to develop an enterprise level software or distributed applications.
	JME:- Java Micro Edition is to make application and software for smartwatches, washing machine, set-top box, etc.

Q3) How does java achieve platform independency?
Ans3) When we compile .java file then the compiler convert that file into .class file and this file is the byteode file which
       can be run in any of the operating system because JVM(Java Virtual Machine) will take care of that.


Q4) What are features of Java and explain them?
Ans4) Features of java are as below:-
      a) Secure:- JAVA has provided an implicit component inside JVM in the form of a “Security Manager”  to provide 
                   implicit security against malicious code.

      b) Portable & Platform Independent:-Java source code is compiled and converted into bytecode, this bytecode can 
                                         run on multiple platforms i.e. Write Once and Run Anywhere(WORA), we can compile the java code
                                         in one OperatingSystem and execute it on another Operating System.

      c) Simple:-Java is easy to learn and its syntax is quite simple, clean and easy to understand.

      d) Object Oriented:-Java is object-oriented, it supports all the OOPS characteristics. This makes java applications easy to 
                          develop and maintain,compared to structured programming language.

      e) Multithreded:-Java supports multithreading to enhance performance. by using this we can execute multiple functionalities
                       simultaneously.

      f) Robust:-Robust means strong. Java is having a very good memory management system in the form of a heap memory management system, 
                 it is a dynamic memory management system, it allocates and deallocates memory for the objects at runtime
